Configure system to support client certificate authentication (#3322)
zowe/docs-site: docs/extend/extend-apiml/authentication-for-apiml-services.md

:::note
There is a limitation with respect to ACF2 systems. If you would like to offer feedback using client
certificate authentication, please create an issue against the api-layer repository.
:::

When providing credentials with a client certificate on the same login request, the credentials take precedence and the client certificate is ignored.

#### How the Gateway resolves authentication 

The Gateway resolves authetication by authenticating against an endpoint through the following process:

* The client calls the service endpoint through API ML Gateway with the client certificate.
* The client certificate and private key are checked as a valid TLS client certificate against the trusted CAs of the Gateway.
* The public part of the provided client certificate is checked against SAF. SAF subsequently returns a user ID that owns this certificate. ZSS provides this API for API ML.
* The Gateway performs the login of the mapped user and provides valid authentication to the southbound service.

> The Gateway resolves authentication via the login endpoint through the following process:

Reviewer: Similar to the previous one
```suggestion
When sending a request to the login endpoint with a client certificate, the Gateway performs the following process to exchange the client certificate for an authentication token.
```

![Zowe client certificate authentication diagram](../../images/api-mediation/zowe-client-cert-auth.png)

> #### Prerequisites

Reviewer: Maybe there should be an introductory line:

"Make sure the following requirements are met before setting up client certificate authentication"

1. Specify the Zowe runtime user and set your protection by password. The user is created with the `NOPASSWORD` parameter by the Zowe installer. It is necessary to change this password. For RACF, issue the following TSO command:  
`ALTUSER <ZOWE_RUNTIME_USER (ZWESVUSR by default)> PASSWORD(<NEWPASSWORD>)`  
For other security systems, refer to the documentation for an equivalent command.

> <!-- Add sample command and output -->

Reviewer: The sample command for RACF is above

2. Verify that the Zowe runtime user is allowed to log in to z/OSMF. (Check that the user is member of the default `IZUUSER` group.)

> <!-- Add how to provide this verification.. Sample commands? -->

Reviewer: I guess this is a simple list user command

Author: I'm not sure I understand. Is this is the same as validating the client certificate functionality?

Reviewer: No I think this is talking about the previous statement, to verify that the server user (usually zwesvusr) has access to z/OSMF by being a member of the default `IZUUSER` group

Author: Should I state it like this? "For RACF, issue the following TSO command to verify that zwesvusr has access to z/OSMF."?
Can you please clarify?

:::note**Notes:**
* PassTicket generation must be enabled for the Zowe runtime user. The user has to be able to generate a PassTicket for itself and for the APPLID of z/OSMF. For more information, see [Configure Passticket](#authentication-with-passtickets).
* The Zowe runtime user must be enabled to perform identity mapping in SAF. For more information, see [Additional security rights that need to be granted](../../user-guide/configure-zos-system/#configure-main-Zowe-server-use-identity-mapping).
* ZSS has to be configured to participate in Zowe SSO. For more information, see [Configure components zss](../../appendix/zowe-yaml-configuration/#configure-component-zss).
:::

#### Validate the client certificate functionality

To validate that the client certificate functionality works properly, call the login endpoint with the certificate that was setup using the steps in _Configure your z/OS system to support client certificate authentication_. 

Validate using CURL, a command line utility that runs on Linux based systems:

**Example:**
```

> curl --cert /path/to/cert.pem --key /path/to/key.pem https://api-mediation-layer:7554/gateway/api/v1/login

Reviewer: This is the sample command I was talking about, it's already here as a means of verification of the setup.

```
<!-- Add outcome -->

> 

Reviewer: maybe "your Zowe instance is configured to accept x.509 client certificates authentication"
